readme.md, before:

<p align="center">
    <img src="http://i.imgur.com/EwYWc4Q.png" height="78">
</p>

<p align="center">
    <a href="https://travis-ci.org/Hackathonners/swap?branch=develop"><img src="https://travis-ci.org/Hackathonners/swap.svg?branch=develop" alt="TravisCI Status"></a>
    <a href='https://coveralls.io/github/Hackathonners/swap?branch=develop'><img src='https://coveralls.io/repos/github/Hackathonners/swap/badge.svg?branch=develop' alt='Coverage Status' /></a>
    <a href="https://scrutinizer-ci.com/g/Hackathonners/swap/"><img src="https://scrutinizer-ci.com/g/Hackathonners/swap/badges/quality-score.png" alt="ScrutinizerCI Status"></a>
</p>

## About Swap

Swap simplifies the control of enrollments and shifts exchanges for both students and teachers. The project is developed considering the following features:

- Students enroll in the available courses;
- Shifts are assigned to enrollments by teachers;
- Students propose and confirm shift exchanges among them.

This project was developed with the Board of Directors of the University of Minho Informatics Engineering Integrated Masters  and counts on several Hackathonners who either concluded the aforementioned Masters or are in the process of doing so.

## Requirements

- [PHP](http://php.net/) 7.4+
- [MySQL](https://www.mysql.com/) - Database Management System
- [Composer](https://getcomposer.org/) - Installs package dependencies
- [NodeJS](https://nodejs.org/en/) - Provides NPM to install node packages
- [Vagrant](https://vagrantup.com) - Provides a fast, reliable and secure node package manager.

## Installation

- Clone or download this repository.
- Rename `.env.example` to `.env` and fill the options
> **Note**: This project sends e-mails. Therefore, ensure that the e-mail driver is specified.

### Setting up Vagrant

- To configure the Vagrant VM run 
```
vagrant up
```

> **Note**: If the prespecified IP in ```Vagrantfile``` is already in use, you need to change it before running ```vagrant up```

- Install node packages (in host machine)
```
npm install
```


## Building and running

- Build assets (in your host machine)
```
npm run dev
```

- SSH into the VM
```
vagrant ssh
```

- Start the server
```
cd /vagrant
php artisan serve --host=0.0.0.0 # We specifiy the host IP to be able to access server outside VM
```

- In your browser, open http://192.168.56.21:8000 
## License
The Swap project is open-sourced software licensed under the [MIT license](http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).

Commit message:

Add bootstrap to setup process

readme.md, after:

<p align="center">
    <img src="http://i.imgur.com/EwYWc4Q.png" height="78">
</p>

<p align="center">
    <a href="https://travis-ci.org/Hackathonners/swap?branch=develop"><img src="https://travis-ci.org/Hackathonners/swap.svg?branch=develop" alt="TravisCI Status"></a>
    <a href='https://coveralls.io/github/Hackathonners/swap?branch=develop'><img src='https://coveralls.io/repos/github/Hackathonners/swap/badge.svg?branch=develop' alt='Coverage Status' /></a>
    <a href="https://scrutinizer-ci.com/g/Hackathonners/swap/"><img src="https://scrutinizer-ci.com/g/Hackathonners/swap/badges/quality-score.png" alt="ScrutinizerCI Status"></a>
</p>

## About Swap

Swap simplifies the control of enrollments and shifts exchanges for both students and teachers. The project is developed considering the following features:

- Students enroll in the available courses;
- Shifts are assigned to enrollments by teachers;
- Students propose and confirm shift exchanges among them.

This project was developed with the Board of Directors of the University of Minho Informatics Engineering Integrated Masters  and counts on several Hackathonners who either concluded the aforementioned Masters or are in the process of doing so.

## Requirements

- [PHP](http://php.net/) 7.4+
- [MySQL](https://www.mysql.com/) - Database Management System
- [Composer](https://getcomposer.org/) - Installs package dependencies
- [NodeJS](https://nodejs.org/en/) - Provides NPM to install node packages
- [Vagrant](https://vagrantup.com) - Provides a fast, reliable and secure node package manager.

## Installation

- Clone or download this repository.
- Rename `.env.example` to `.env` and fill the options
> **Note**: This project sends e-mails. Therefore, ensure that the e-mail driver is specified.

### Setting up Vagrant

- To configure the Vagrant VM run 
```
vagrant up
vagrant ssh
```

- In the VM run
```
cd /vagrant
bash bootstrap.sh
```

> **Note**: If the prespecified IP in ```Vagrantfile``` is already in use, you need to change it before running ```vagrant up```

- Install node packages (in host machine)
```
npm install
```


## Building and running

- Build assets (in your host machine)
```
npm run dev
```

- SSH into the VM
```
vagrant ssh
```

- Start the server
```
cd /vagrant
php artisan serve --host=0.0.0.0 # We specifiy the host IP to be able to access server outside VM
```

- In your browser, open http://192.168.56.21:8000 
## License
The Swap project is open-sourced software licensed under the [MIT license](http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).
